src/pages/projects/adventurer-handbook.mdx, before:

---
layout: "../../layouts/ProjectDetailsLayout.astro"
id: 2
datePublished: 1
title: "Adventurer Handbook"
link: "https://adventurerhandbook-alpha.netlify.app/"
imgSrc: "/assets/genshin-handbook.webp"
github: "https://github.com/donovangomez/fighting-game-resources"
stack: "NextJS / Chakra UI / Supabase"
---

<h1 class="text-5xl mt-14">Adventurer Handbook</h1>

<p class="text-xl my-4">
  A Genshin Impact companion with the purpose of showing which characters are
  farmable each day of the week. Characters and weapons change everyday at 12AM
  PST.
</p>

<h2 class="text-3xl my-4">Project Inspiration</h2>
<p class="my-4 text-xl">
  Genshin Impact has been one of my favorite video games in the last few years.
  Being a mobile game however, means that some contact is time gated to keep the
  player playing the game. Building a character requires materials that are
  available only on certain days of the week, with Sunday being the day when
  everything is available. As the game grows the more clicks it'll take to
  figure out which characters you can build so before my session I figured it
  would be useful to know which characters I want to build for that day.
</p>

<h2 class="text-3xl my-4"> Tech stack </h2>
<p class="my-4">
  The tech is predominately NextJS and Supabase on the backend. NextJS is
  phenomenal to work with if the developer has used React before and Supabase is
  really easy to get a database up and running quickly. Instead of going static,
  I used a framework because the characters and weapons will change everyday.
  There is an API for Genshin but it didn't have the info I wanted with the days
  the materials would be available so I decided to input every character in
  Supabase.
</p>

Commit message:

Add Projects the dynamic way with Astro.Glob() use the generated url for routing

src/pages/projects/adventurer-handbook.mdx, after:

---
layout: "../../layouts/ProjectDetailsLayout.astro"
id: 2
datePublished: 1
title: "Adventurer Handbook"
slug: adventurer-handbook
description: "Genshin Impact companion app with the purpose of seeing farmable characters each day"
link: "https://adventurerhandbook-alpha.netlify.app/"
imgSrc: "/assets/genshin-handbook.webp"
github: "https://github.com/donovangomez/fighting-game-resources"
stack: "NextJS / Chakra UI / Supabase"
---

<h1 class="text-5xl mt-14">Adventurer Handbook</h1>

<p class="text-xl my-4">
  A Genshin Impact companion with the purpose of showing which characters are
  farmable each day of the week. Characters and weapons change everyday at 12AM
  PST.
</p>

<h2 class="text-3xl my-4">Project Inspiration</h2>
<p class="my-4 text-xl">
  Genshin Impact has been one of my favorite video games in the last few years.
  Being a mobile game however, means that some contact is time gated to keep the
  player playing the game. Building a character requires materials that are
  available only on certain days of the week, with Sunday being the day when
  everything is available. As the game grows the more clicks it'll take to
  figure out which characters you can build so before my session I figured it
  would be useful to know which characters I want to build for that day.
</p>

<h2 class="text-3xl my-4"> Tech stack </h2>
<p class="my-4">
  The tech is predominately NextJS and Supabase on the backend. NextJS is
  phenomenal to work with if the developer has used React before and Supabase is
  really easy to get a database up and running quickly. Instead of going static,
  I used a framework because the characters and weapons will change everyday.
  There is an API for Genshin but it didn't have the info I wanted with the days
  the materials would be available so I decided to input every character in
  Supabase.
</p>
